DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS!\"
Even losing one battle is one too many!
And boy, did you ever lose!
Zip it!
I hope you realize it's all your fault we lost, Harpus!
I'm a baaaaaaad Bakugan...
Ahhhhhhhh nuts!
I hate you, Shun!
How'd ya pass me!
What in the world?
It's time.
I have a little job for you, Komba...
All the top ranked players were invited?
It was like this humongous bash and only
the best of the best Bakugan battlers got to
go check it out.
Wow, I didn't know they even existed!
I guess that a perk of being a top gun!
Oh please, Dan, Billy's just pulling your chain!
'Kay, now I'm confused...
Yes, well, if you ask me.. I believe it's all
just one big trap.
What!
I fear Marucho is right...
So do I...
Because I was one of those stupid enough to
fall for it...
W-Who are you!
My name is Maquerade...
He took us to a different dimension...
A dimension he called Vestroia...
He must have shown you Naga and the Silent Core.
Please, you must tell me the state Naga was in at
the time you saw him!
And you mustn't leave out any details!
Well gee, I only saw him for like a second.
But from what I remember, it seemed like he
couldn't move...
Hmm, that seems rather strange...
Perhaps he is trapped within the Silent Core?
Yes!
And if your theory is correct,
that means that Naga has not evolved into the
Ultimate Bakugan yet!
I'm telling you, it was really weird!
When I saw him, I felt this bizarre power kinda
wash over me, and next thing I knew all I wanted
to do was destroy every Bakugan that I could find!
It's like I couldn't control myself!
Billy, maybe it was the negative energy of the
Silent Core that was manipulating you.
Yeah, that's gotta be it!
Thanks you guys, but I wish there was some way I
could tell you how sorry I feel for what I did...
Hey, don't worry about it!
After all, we know it wasn't your fault!
It looks like we will be arriving shortly at
Bakugan Valley.
All departing passengers prepare to deplane...
That is all!
All ashore that's going ashore!
Okay, I'll walk Billy home and
catch up with you later!
Alright, but be careful!
Later dudes...
Man, that freak Masquerade is really
gettin' under my skin!
What's the matter?
I'll tell ya, Runo!
Ya remember the battle we just had against Klaus
and Chan?
Let's face it, they're puppets being manipulated
by Masquerade!
And that means we have to stop that creep from
brainwashing everyone!
Well yes but...Easier said than done, Dan.
I know it's hard, but it has to be done and we
have to do it!
I know but.. I'm just saying we...
Hey, take it down a notch!
We don't even know where these Battlers are and
until we find them, we can't do a darn thing!
And don't forget, we still haven't found the
Infinity Core!
I know we haven't found it yet!
I'm just sick and tired of Masquerade's little game!
And I want to nail that jerk so bad I can taste it!
So does everybody else, but we're not all
flipping out!
- What! - Stop it!
I hate to see such good friends arguing...
Seriously!
Who said we were friends?
But I thought...
You guys were...
Hey!
Where'd ya think you're going, Shun?
Wait up!
You can't just walk away without tellin' anyone
what the heck you're doin'!
Is there something wrong, Shun?
I don't care what happened to the others...
I look after myself!
Ah give me a break!
You cannot be serious!
We have to work together to beat Masquerade!
So get off your high horse and listen to me!
And just who elected you captain?
Man.. with your temper, you couldn't beat a child...
What!
In fact, I could take you down with my eyes closed...
Excuse me!
What'd ya just say!
I'm sick and tired of pretending we're friends.
Shun, wait!
Go ahead and leave!
Who cares!
And who needs you!
Daniel!
What'd you want!
What is wrong with everyone around here!
Ahhhhh!
Don't leave, Shun...
Where will you go?
I don't know...
But are you sure you're doing the right thing?
Wait, Shun!
Wait up!
You can't go, you just can't!
You know we're all depending on you, Shun!
We're a team!
Please Shun, reconsider...
Your quest is the same as Dan and the others.
To unmask Masquerade...
Who cares?
Let that poser leave.
Bottom line is, I didn't need him before and I
don't need him now!
Ahhh, who am I kidding...
You brought this upon yourself, Daniel.
Maybe it's you who isn't a team player...
Oh great!
I guess now you're taking his side!
I'm not taking anyone's side.
I'm just concerned about the way you've been
acting towards your companions.
You must admit Daniel, you haven't been a very
good friend lately...
Yeah.. I guess you're right, Drago...
What was I thinking?
Man, I'm such an idiot!
Aahhh - humans.
Oh that Dan!
Who does he think he is, anyway!
You're nothing but a big baby, Dan!
Acting out your frustrations, Runo,
will not further your emotional journey and as
an observer...
Hey, stay out of my business, Tigrerra!
Preyas.
Sent to Doom Dimension.
Oh Preyas, I miss you so much!
I'm afraid Shun feels the way everyone has been
acting lately, none of you could ever defeat Masquerade.
That is why he has left.
He feels it is now up to him to rescue all the Bakugan.
But Shun...
It's the only way to win, Alice...
And if I can not defeat him.. everything is lost!
Preyas.
I really miss you...
For some reason I feel this is my destiny...
From now on it's up to me to take Masquerade on!
Shun, no...
You can't do this, Shun!
You can't beat him all by yourself!
You need your friends.. You need to work as a team!
I work alone...
KOMBA: Well, well, if it isn't Mr. Tough Guy himself!
I heard everything!
You really think you got what it takes to beat Masquerade!
You're a regular comedian, Shun!
I love it!
Just one thing.. You gotta beat me first!
The Bakugan Brawlers will be right back after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Brawlers!
Just one thing.. You gotta beat me first!
Ah, is the wittle baby scared to battle?
Don't worry, I won't hurt you!
I'm just going to eliminate your Bakugan!
Here, check out my Baku-Pod!
I'm almost at your level even though you beat me once!
Remember that Shun?
Shun ranked in top ten.
No other data.
And you only won that battle because you got
lucky, that's all...
I want revenge for that day!
And the only way I can get it is if we battle!
Hey, just forget about Masquerade!
Soo, what'd ya say!
Are you ready to rumble in the jungle with me!
Pl-ease!
Why don't you go get lost, kid...
'Cuse me!
Are you brushin' me off because you think I'm a weakling?
Well, let me tell you.. the only reason I lost to
you was because I was teamed up with Billy
who's completely useless!
That guy couldn't fight his way out
of a wet paper bag!
Later dudes...
So.. does Billy talk trash behind your back
like you do about him?
Stoppp itttt!
This is totally ridiculous!
I don't care what Billy says about me,
I just want to battle you!
Can't you get that through that
thick head of yours!
You don't need friends.
You think you can do this all by yourself.
Hmmm, sounds interesting...
- Gasp! - What?
Alright kid, I accept your challenge...
Shun!
No Shun!
This is going to be fun!
Field Open!
Doom Card.. Set!
Gate Card.. Set!
This time you're going down, Shun!
SHUN: I don't think so...
'Cuse me?
I know all your little tricks...
So there's no way you can beat me!
Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ravenoid Stand!
Ventus Ravenoid!
Hmph!
If you think that poor excuse for a chicken will
beat me, you've got another thing coming!
Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
Ventus El Condor!
Let the game begin...
No turning back now, chump!
Gate Card Open!
Additional Task!
You don't have what it takes to play in the big leagues.
This isn't over yet!
Sorry, Shun's right.. His Additional Task Ability
forces the last Bakugan thrown to go directly
back to the players who put it into battle.
You just got lucky!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bee Striker Stand!
The Battle Resumes...
Sting 'emmmm!
Nowwww!
Ability Card.. Activate!
Blow Away!
Ah!
I didn't get a chance to battle!
You mind at least letting me make a move!
I told you before.. Against me,
you're out of your league, pal...
C'mon Shun!
You gonna battle or what?
Your move, Shun...
Bakugan...Brawl!
Ventus Monarus Stand!
Oh, a butterfly!
You got me shaking in my boots, Shun!
Battlefield ready for action.
Okay, his moves are limited.
And even if he does attack,
I can always counter with my Triple Chain Wind!
I'd say it's about time to show Mr. Big Shot how
this game is really played!
Bakugan...Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
Gate Card Open!
Tabulating Power...
Now it's your turn to lose!
Ability Card Activate!
Solar Plexus!
Monarus power reduction to 280 G's.
Show us what you got, El Condor!
Destroyyyyy!
Ability Card.. Activate!
Blow Away!
You gotta be kidding!
Why can't you play this game like it's supposed
to be played?
Gate Card Open!
Mine Ghost!
When two Bakugan land on this card,
it doesn't matter what side they're on,
they both lose!
Not.. again?
That was amazing, Shun!
You didn't give Komba even one opening to attack you.
Now I know why you used to be ranked number one
in the world!
But what's up with your obsession to totally
dominate your opponent!
How could this happen!
That's it!
I'm tired of your ambush strategy, Shun!
From now on, no mercy!
I need you, Skyress.. Let's end this..
Don't hold back on him..
SKYRESS: I'll do what must be done.
Bakugan.. Brawl!
Skyress Stand!
Shun leads battle with two games.
Komba, Zero victories...
Go ahead and activate your stupid Triple Chain Wind.
I'm ready for you!
Here goes nothing!
Bakugan Brawl!
Harpus Stand!
Ta-da!
Well, it looks like it's my turn to play...
It's Skyress!
You are looking good, girlfriend,
but not for long!
Ability Card Activate!
Feather Storm!
Harpus to 570 G's.
Blow Away!
I was blindsided!
Get back in there, Harpus!
And make it quick!
So how have you been?
Don't play cute with me, sister!
This is what happened to me last time and trust
me, it won't happen again!
I've had enough of you, Harpus!
For an old bird, you've got a lot of fight left in you.
But you're no spring chicken!
Too bad, Shun.. Seems to me like you played all of
your Ability Cards.. And without anymore power,
I guess there's only one thing left to say,
I just whooped your butt, Shun!
Think again, Komba!
If you're wondering why I don't waste time in
battle, it's because I'm not willing to lose my Bakugan!
It's nothing personal!
Man, you are one crazy dude!
Shun still has one more Gate Card Left!
Gate Card Open!
Reloaded!
Watch as all the wind power is drawn toward Skyress.
Reloaded is the Gate Card that increases your power
by a hundred times the number of your Bakugan on
the battlefield!
Skyress Power Increase detected.
Power to 560 G's.
Do something!
Are you nuts!
I don't like this!
Oh no, I think I broke a nail!
No!
There's no way I could have lost again!
Noooo!
I can't believe this!
It must be a dream!
How could this happen!
I want a rematch, Shun!
Ya hear me!
Not to be too forward or anything,
but how about you let me sit out the next battle?
Why you little!
This is all your fault!
Let me give you a little advice.. practice..
and maybe stop running your mouth off before you
start another battle.
I messed up bad...
You can always rely on your friends kid,,
that's real important!
Yeah, you're right...
It's something that I forgot about myself...
You mean your friends?
I never realized it before but there was one
friend in particular..
We were both so passionate about Bakugan,
but, I lost my friend...
Brawl!
But why is winning such a big deal to you, Shun?
His passion becomes apparent when he battles...
It makes him feel alive.
Watching you trying to be so tough made me realize something.
You can't do it by yourself,
you have to rely on your friends to help.
DAN: That was awesome SHUN: Hun?
There you are!
ALICE: Dan!
Hey you guys.. where in the world have you been?
Hidin'?
I believe young Daniel has something to tell you Shun.
Hey, hold on.. He's right, Shun, I do, Gee,
I'm sorry for saying we didn't need you.. In fact
you're probably the one we need the most..
Anyway, I don't know if I've told this before,
but just listen to me for a second.. You're the
best friend I've ever had Shun,
and I really mean it, bud!
How touching!
Come back, Shun!
Please, Shun!
What'd ya say, Shun!
Man, this is too much!
I can't stand the suspense!
C'mon Shun, do the right thing!
It would be my honor, Dan...
Yes...
Oh Shun!
You da man, Shun!
Hey!
What do think you're doing!
I know I've been a real pain and you probably
think I'm just some little creepy kid,
but I want to be your student!
I want to learn from you, Shun!
And I'll never leave your side, ever!
Is this kid joking!
He wants to learn from YOUUUUU!
That's completely crazy!
Mind explainin' what happened here?
I must have missed somethin'!
Well.. I suppose it is kinda weird...
That's putting it mildly...
I'm dead serious, Shun, you gotta teach me,
man.. Say you will!
He wants you to teach him!
Hey!
Cut it out, guys, this isn't a laughing matter!
Could someone please explain to me how I ever
got into this mess?
That creep Klaus and his buddies Chan and Julio
challenged us to battle!
Runo, Marucho and me accept!
But there is a problem.
Runo still hates me and Marucho is still bummed
out about his Bakugan Preyas being sent to the
Doom Dimension.
But here's the rub!
Klaus shows up with Preyas as his Bakugan!
And now we're all trying to figure out how he
brought Preyas back from the Doom Dimension!
I guess there's really only one way to find out
what happens.
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!